is your name Jeff Bezos no well then
your living standards are about to be
drastically reduced you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
in today's video I'm going to show you
exactly what's going on you could see
there are the rise of robots and
automation that have come through and
we've seen what companies have been
doing in response to the higher wages as
soon as you look around and start to see
this for what it is you're then able to
show um to see what I'll show you
momentarily you got to understand the
governments are preparing for the living
standards to decline I recently did a
video that not many people were actually
watching but it is very clear that in
Canada the report was made public a
secret document that came out of the
RCMP okay think of this like the FBI for
Canada and in that document they
specifically stated 5 years down the
road conditions will continue to
deteriorate and that's been happening
prices are rising people are becoming
disgruntled and civil unrest is actually
getting worse and it is a problem this
is the admission in the secret document
today I'm going to show you what is that
fuel to this fire let me bring it to you
right away no time to waste Apple
explores home robotics as has potential
next big thing after car Fizzles the
company has teams working on automated
home devices the search is on for New
Growth sources after EV gets Ned so they
went into this electronic vehicle thing
electric vehicles hey we're going to do
this we spent 10 years on it we spent
multiple billions of dollars we pulled
in Engineers from all over the world
didn't work out and now what do they do
hey what's cool right now we got AI oh
we're doing AI stuff now yeah we're
doing robots now now a lot of the things
in a car um the way that it reads the
world and so on they're familiar with
this because of their work on the car so
uh they could they could do that with
robots um some of it I'm sure goes over
it's not a complete waste but looking at
this it just means they're moving on to
the next big thing why don't they just
mine Bitcoin while they're at it okay so
this is what they're doing and certainly
they could make but we waited 10 years
for project Titan as they called it to
come to fruition and it never did will
this we'll see all right and you let me
know if you want a robot hanging around
your house internet of bodies may lead
to internet of brains by 2050 this is
Rand okay the Rand Corporation highlevel
Think Tank transhumanism may lead to
superhuman capabilities for some and
mind control for others that's what
they're saying here the internet of
bodies may also ultimately lead to an
internet of brains I.E human brains
connected to the internet to facilitate
direct brain-to-brain communication and
enable access to online data networks
now you might be thinking to yourself
I'm never putting the brain chip in I'm
never allowing them to have any sort of
you know way to manipulate me but
understand how this works and understand
the world that we are moving into so
you're seeing on musk they get the brain
chip and that guy who's qu quadr is
actually able to now communicate in this
way that he couldn't before fantastic
hopefully there'll be more developments
for people who have no ability uh to
move to do certain basic elements that
they can get those functions back that's
great but then we move into the next
level what if it goes from experimental
stuff and clinical trials and then it
moves into the public anyone could just
get it all right now what do we have
people who say oh if I get that suddenly
I know all the history of all this
particular subject I'm instantly more
valuable to my company I'll get it
there's going to be one guy then it's
going to be two then it's going to be
three and then suddenly they only want
to hire people with those brain chips
and so people will be in a sense forced
to get it or they got to find an
alternate uh business to work in because
all of these different businesses will
start requiring it because they know
that guy is way smarter than all the
rest so just just think about that okay
think about that for a second don't just
say I'm not going to get it you got to
have your plan B in place now now now
that's why I've been telling people and
screaming about it related to the um you
know the the business live that I do on
Sundays okay that's just anyway besides
the point restaurant robots are the
Vanguard of automation it's not coming
for fast food workers jobs it's actually
helping them that's right that thing
that they implemented for
$30,000 that can do the job of two guys
it's not going to actually eliminate
their jobs oh no it's going to help them
and then we have this California's $20
fast food minimum wage balloons menu
prices with some chains increasing cost
by nearly $2 so that sandwich was cost
near 10 bucks before it's now 12
that's right they increased minimum wage
and immediately the immediate on that
same day they said okay and we're
increaseing the prices so of course the
customer has to pay if they don't want
that well what do they do they fire the
people and they allow robots to do the
job it's not a surprise to see that a
corporation is always going to do what
it needs to do or it just simply
shutters its doors and then nobody's
employed Walmart 7-Eleven and chick fila
launch a new project to speed up every
shopping trip you won't even need to go
to the store they are changing the way
people are accessing products number one
yes we're shopping more online but at
the same time we are going through these
new things we're using the self
checkouts and we're using these Locker
type systems where you don't interact
with humans because hey who wants to
interact with humans these days right am
I right okay Wendy's is delivering food
by drone for the first time yes they're
all kind of going towards this we've
heard Walmart doing this and others
drone delivery is something that I think
is limited in scope you know you can't
just have millions and millions of
drones going around and be all exploding
drones will be falling on your head but
I think maybe for emergency
circumstances this could be beneficial
but Wendy's I mean depends how hungry
you are but I'm not sure that's exactly
a
not exactly a you know an emergency but
here this is talking about the self
checkout line and what Walmart is trying
to do is they're trying to say okay you
got to be part of our higher tier you
got to pay for a membership at Walmart
to now be able to access some of the
self checkout lines and of course people
are upset about that so they're even
restricting the self checkout so now you
got to wait in this lineup that's twice
as long and they're trying to create new
ways of creating Revenue that's that's
what this that's what's happening to all
these companies they're trying all these
little different things uh I know for
myself with Amazon they're all actually
all increasing fees all of these
companies are increasing their fees
Californians asked to keep showers short
despite ample water okay so this is
where uh we get to the next level you
got to understand something they are
doing all of these things and you're
paying higher prices higher prices for
services higher prices for goods you
could say I'm going to shop at home but
let's be honest the prices at the
grocery store have also gone up we've
seen that all over the place and I think
you know there's not many yeah you can
reduce you could say I'm not going to
buy that I'm not going to shop at that
store I'm not but ultimately everything
keeps going up and so that's an issue
but at the same time they are
restricting us and in this case here
they're basically saying look you're in
California you can't charge your
electric vehicle because we're having
problems with the grid we told everybody
you got to be forced to use an electric
vehicle and we're also telling you
simultaneously that there's going to be
certain times where you can't charge
your electric vehicle which means you
can drive oh but it gets worse so they
don't want people taking the showers
right don't use up that water remember
if you remember I think it was Prince
Charles at the time the quote is snub
the tub snub the tub don't take a bath
because you're going to use too much
water he literally said that look we got
to do this for the climate we got to do
this for the environment snub the tub
the guy has a 100 or at least at that
time had over 120 servants just for
himself over
120 okay snub tub though for
you for you does that is that okay with
you I know I know there a lot of people
that say yes I'm fine with that I'm fine
with I'm fine with making sure that they
are taken care of that they consistently
get money people in Canada love they
love the so-called royal family okay
that's fine if you like that look look
what they're doing micro apartments are
back after nearly a century as need for
affordable housing Source now in this
circumstance the article they're
basically talking about this one guy who
was homeless at one point and of course
if you're homeless and then you're
moving into this place which by the way
it's super tiny but it looked clean it
looked new it looked you know renovated
so that's incredible obviously um but
what's happening here is that everybody
is going into these like pod lifestyle
they're living like many many people to
a home and tiny homes and the way that
things are going it's not going to be
able to get any better okay this is an
issue because we're being squeezed
further and further this is talking
about Chinese humanoid robots um I think
that a lot of people are going to be
deal dealing with these robots in one
way shape or form at some point you know
I've seen you know you do see some
things that are considered to be you
know robots or or you know basically the
elimination of a human being that used
to be there uh like you might deal with
an iPad or some sort of little tablet or
something instead of a person uh but it
will be more and more integrated into
all different businesses that we have to
interact with okay and and I think where
we are headed is the circumstance that
you know people don't realize this okay
we are being forced into the
circumstances where things are being
restricted from us our own livelihoods
are riant on systems that we absolutely
cannot conjure up ourselves so they're
restricting our water they're
restricting our energy and they are
restricting our access to Basic
Essentials at the same time the price of
everything is increasing so fast that we
have no way absolutely no way to ever
um no way to ever basically get out of
that it's a vicious cycle and it's a
spiral downward and I think for a lot of
people they
are assuming that you know we'll get
this guy will vote him in or vote that
guy in or we'll get rid of this governor
and we'll put that you know person
politician and I you know I've just I've
studied it I've I've studied it over and
over again and if you just zoom out if
you just be honest with yourself and if
you can just deal with the the painful
experience of truth then it will be come
clear that no politician is ever going
to help you that's the reason they
became a politician they have their
special interests that they need to help
you got to think about this why would a
politician get into that role when you
know okay the highest highest position
you're ever going to be is if you're the
president if you're prime minister
you're making a few
hundred, that's the highest you're ever
going to get and there's only one of
those spots okay
it doesn't make sense when in the case
of let's say Nancy Pelosi she made uh
much more than her salary right so the
it obviously offers them benefits that
go beyond the title and it's not about
helping out everybody else it's about
being able to help themselves help out
the special interests we are being
restricted on all levels this is a big
concern and what I have seen is the fact
that people right now today they don't
even realize this but a lot of the
individuals have I mean it it's crazy to
look at this I can show you this
momentarily just looking at the limit of
personal consumption of
hydrocarbons by individual Canadians in
terms of allowable miles traveled by
motor vehicle train or air now what does
that all mean what does that entail I
want to tell you that in the next video
this is extremely important but you got
to realize something for a lot of people
they are not prepared for what's coming
I have information located at the top of
the description that I want you to check
out I want you to be a part of that
things are coming down right now and I
want you to be ready for this hit that
thumbs up button on the way out it does
support the Channel I want to thank you
for that and I'll take you I'll check
you out on the next video take care